Policy Stores & Deployments (#24)
cerbos/cloud-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Cerbos Hub

Cerbos Hub simplifies the process of authoring authorization policies, testing changes, rolling out updates to production, and aggregating audit logs about authorization decisions. It is a scalable solution for developers who want to save time, streamline their workflows, and confidently roll out authorization updates, freeing you to focus on delivering great products to your customers.

== Features

[unordered.stack]
Collaborative policy editing:: Cerbos Hub playgrounds provide private, collaborative, IDE-like development environments to help author and test policies with ease.
Managed build and release pipeline:: Cerbos Hub automatically validates, tests, signs, and distributes every policy change, giving you a turnkey CI/CD pipeline without extra infrastructure.

> Source agnostic policy stores:: Populate Policy Stores from any Git provider, CI artifact, API request, CLI upload, or browser drop, so your existing workflows stay intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source agnostic policy stores:: Populate policy stores from any source using any of the many integration methods available.
```

== How it works

Cerbos Hub is a cloud-hosted management control plane, while Cerbos instances and the data they process remain strictly inside your network perimeter. Switching to Cerbos Hub requires only a minor configuration change to your existing Cerbos deployment. After the switch, PDPs receive optimized policy bundles from Cerbos Hub instead of compiling policies locally.

image:how_cerbos_hub_works.png[alt="How Cerbos Hub works",role="center-img"]

. Make a change to policies and submit it to a Policy Store through Git, a CI pipeline, an API call, a CLI upload, or a direct drag and drop in the browser.
. Cerbos Hub detects the update and starts a new build.
. Validate and compile the policies.
. Run all policy tests found in the store.
. Generate a compact encrypted policy bundle.
. Increment the Deployment version and notify every PDP that is assigned to this Deployment that a new bundle is available.
. PDP instances download the new bundle and start serving it immediately.

> Optionally, configure Cerbos Hub as an audit backend for the PDPs. Logs are streamed securely, with sensitive data removed at the edge before leaving your network perimeter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, configure Cerbos Hub as an audit backend for the PDPs. Logs are streamed securely, with sensitive data removed locally before leaving your network perimeter.
```
